about 


Actor villa is indias number one Bollywood artist, technician & Talent Platform. It’s simple, easy & Intuitive. It is so easy-to-navigate that even a non-technical person can use it. Acrors villa act as a medium through which you can showcase your talent to the whole industry and can interact with the prospective clients directly to get best assignments.
We are bridging the gap between Talent and Glamour World by fostering a rich social community. We are bringing together the TV production houses, casting & modeling agencies, film production houses, producers, event management, directors, production workers, writers, actors,location provider,distributer companies, fashion designers etc and also connecting them with a large pool of talent nationwide.



Our vision is to become one-stop-platform to cater to all the requirements of Modelling Industry through maintaining a large database of national and international  casting & modeling agencies, film production houses, producers, event management, directors, production workers, writers, actors,location provider,distributer companies, fashion designers


We aim to provide quality exposure to models and professional services to our clients. Generating endless opportunities for TV production houses, casting & modeling agencies, film production houses, producers, event management, directors, production workers, writers, actors,location provider,distributer companies, fashion designers, Developing and promoting new & top talent to clientele worldwide.

how it works ? actors villa is developed by keeping in mind the ease of use of this platform. It’s simple, easy & Intuitive. It is so easy-to-navigate that even a non-technically minded person can use it.


For Talents /////////////////////
The platform creates a beautiful and attractive dedicated profile for talent to showcase their work, creativity, and portfolio. Talent can build & manage his/her profile on this platform and can promote it to the world.

One can customize their Profile from anywhere, anytime. You will get access to all the registered TV production houses, casting & modeling agencies, film production houses, producers & event management companies. You can follow the Talents and Recruiters and build your 



For Recruiters///////////////////
actors villa  offers a vast database of talent to recruiters from TV production houses, casting & modeling agencies, film production houses, producers & event management companies etc. You will get a fully loaded web-based recruiter dashboard.

It allows you to manage your profile, jobs, search & shortlist the talents and make contact with talents. The dashboard will act as your recruitment manager. You can follow the talents and stay connected with their updates on your wall.

Create your Free Profile Now!




tc//////////////////////////

These Terms and Conditions are an electronic record in the form of an electronic contract formed under the information Technology Act, 2000 and the rules made there under and the amended provisions pertaining to electronic documents / records in various statutes as amended by the information Technology Act, 2000 and is published in accordance with the provisions of Rule 3 (1) of the Information Technology (Intermediaries guidelines) Rules, 2011 amended from time to time, that require publishing the rules and regulations, privacy policy and Terms of Use for access or usage of the Website or App. These Terms and Conditions do not require any physical, electronic or digital signature.

These Terms and Conditions is a legally binding document by and between you & the actorsvilla platform (both terms defined below).

The terms “We” / “Us” / “Our” / ”Company” individually and collectively refer to the actorsvilla platform run by Engage Coders Private Limited and the terms “You” /”Your” / “Yourself” refer to the users.

This page states the Terms and Conditions under which you (Visitor) may visit this website (“www.actorsvilla.com”) or installing the “actors villa” or “Gift a Wish” app. Please read this page carefully. If you do not accept the Terms and Conditions stated here, we would request you to exit this site. actorsvilla.com, any of its business divisions and / or its subsidiaries, associate companies or subsidiaries to subsidiaries or such other investment companies (in India or abroad) reserve their respective rights to revise these Terms and Conditions at any time by updating this posting. You should visit this page periodically to re-appraise yourself of the Terms and Conditions, because they are binding on all users of this Website or its Apps.

These Terms and Conditions govern:

Use and access of the Site (as defined below) under Part–A,
As well as the provisions of services under Part–B,
And general relationship under Part–C.
1. Scope
www.actorsvilla.com, including all sub–domains and mobile apps thereof (collectively, hereinafter called the “Site”) is owned and operated by actorsvilla. The Site provides online booking, promotional tools and networking platform for artists, models, photographers, anchor, stylist (referred to as “Talent”), and casting director, production houses and business houses etc of all types (referred to as “Client”). actorsvilla also offer an opportunity to purchase “Wish” from celebrities and influencers through its “Gift a Wish” App. A “Wish” includes the text, video, scripts, graphics, graphics interchange formats, photos, sounds, music, audiovisual combinations, interactive features and other materials you may view on, access through, or contribute to the Services. In these Terms and Conditions, the words “you”, “your”, “Member” and “User” refers to any person accessing or using the Site (which may imply as a Talent, a Client, a Fan or a Celeb as the case may be), and the words “we”, “us”, and “our” refers to actorsvilla
Part–A: Terms of Use
2. Modification of Terms and Conditions:
actorsvilla may make changes to the Terms and Conditions. The revised Terms and Conditions shall be made available on the Site. Your use of the Site is subject to the most current version of the Terms and Conditions made available on the Site at the time of such use. You are requested to regularly visit the link www.actorsvilla.com/terms-and-conditions/ to view the most current Terms and Conditions. Your continued use of the Site, following changes to the Terms and Conditions, will constitute your acceptance of those changes.

3. Under age user policy:
In order to use actorsvilla, you must be at least 18 years of age, or the legal age to form a binding contract in your jurisdiction, if that age is greater than 18 years of age. Individuals who are under the age of 18 or the legal age to form a binding contract in their jurisdiction (herein after the “Minors”) are prohibited from registering for and/or booking talent on this Site. A legal guardian of a Minor may create a profile for a Minor, and must specify so at the time of registration. However, the legal guardian shall be solely responsible for everything done with that user account. You represent that the information you provide about Yourself, as requested in any account registration form on Dazzlerr, is accurate and complete.

4. Reserved Rights:
Without limitation to all other rights, we expressly reserve the right at any time to:

4.1 Modify these Terms and Conditions;
4.2 Change the Site, including eliminating or discontinuing any content on or feature of the Site, and/or adding new features, categories, business models, offerings;
4.3 Terminate the membership/user account of any Member that does not comply with these Terms and Conditions;
4.4 Modify fee structure or charges for using the Site or its services.
5. Online Conduct:
At all times when using or accessing this Site, you agree that:

5.1 You are solely responsible for the content or information you publish or display (hereinafter, the “Post”) on the Site or transmit to other Members.
Not to:
5.2.1 defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights of others.
5.2.2 publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information.
5.2.3 upload or distribute files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of the Site or another’s computer’s
5.2.4 download any file posted by another user of a Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner.
5.3 You will not falsify your identity, misrepresent yourself or cause any misleading information to be entered in any way on the Site or in your  actorsvilla Profile.
5.4 You will not engage in advertising to, or solicitation of, other Members to buy or sell any products or services through the Site.
5.5 You will not transmit any chain letters, spam or junk email to other Members or to Us.
5.6 You will not express or imply that any statements you make are endorsed by Us, without our specific prior written consent.
5.7 You will not harvest or collect personal information about other Members whether or not for commercial purposes, without our written consent.
5.8 You will not use any robot, spider, site search/retrieval application, or other manual or automatic device or process to retrieve, index, “data mine”, “scrape” or in any way reproduce or circumvent the navigational structure or presentation of the Site or its contents.
5.9 You will not post, email or otherwise transmit any material that contains software viruses or malware.
5.10 You hereby grant actorsvilla permission to add content to Your user profile at its sole discretion, by uploading content found on the website link that you post as your “Official Website” or “public profile” in order to increase the quality or presentation of your Profile.
5.11 You will not modify, adapt, sub–license, translate, sell, reverse engineer, decipher, de–compile or otherwise disassemble any portion of the Site or any software used on or for the Site or cause others to do so.
5.12 You are solely responsible for your interactions with other Members.  actorsvilla reserves the right, but has no obligation to monitor disputes between you and other Members.
5.13 If the Site provides review options, you will not, for any reason, directly or indirectly submit reviews to a Profile with which you are affiliated. Reviews shall only be posted by actual clients who had booked you. You may dispute any review you feel to be fraudulent, but the removal of reviews is solely at Our discretion. Also, writing reviews for Your competitors with the intent of affecting their reputation will result in immediate termination of Your User account without any refunds.
5.14 You will not re–sell or re–offer any lead you receive through actorsvilla to another Talent and/or Client (as the case may be), nor will you re–offer or post to any website any lead you receive through your relationship with this Site.
Failure to comply with these provisions outlined above may result in immediate suspension or termination of your right to use the Site.  Dazzlerr reserves the right, in its sole discretion and in all instances, to determine whether a Member/User has or has not complied with any provision contained in these Terms.
6. Contents Posted on the “Gift a Wish” App:
You may submit a request through the Site or App which may or may not be accepted. The maximum time within which a request will be completed or rejected will be shared on the App and refunds will be initiated as per our Cancellation and Refund Policy for canceled and rejected requests.
 actorsvilla does not review or modify any content uploaded by a user. We do not endorse any content submitted to it by any user, or any opinion, recommendation, or advice expressed therein, and we expressly disclaim any and all liability in connection with the content. Notwithstanding the above,  actorsvilla reserves the right to, but does not have any obligation to, reject a request, remove, or block the Services in its sole discretion, at any time, without giving any notice to you and for any reason or for no reason at all. Your interactions with third parties, including users and celebrities and influencers, found on or through the App are solely between you and such third party; however, actorsvilla may, in its sole discretion, intercede in any dispute and you will reasonably cooperate with Us if it does so. You should make whatever investigation you feel necessary or appropriate before proceeding with the interaction. You agree not to contact or interact with any user including a celebrity or influencer except as expressly permitted through our App. You acknowledge and agree that we are not responsible or liable for any damages, losses, costs, expenses, or liabilities of any kind or nature incurred as the result of any such interaction. You hereby release actorsvilla from claims, demands, and damages (actual and consequential) of every kind or nature, known and unknown, suspected and unsuspected, disclosed and undisclosed, arising out of or in any way related to such disputes or our App.

7. Registration and Membership of Users:
7.1 While you can without registering, visit our Site, to post information on our Site, and to obtain access to certain other materials or information from our Site, You may be required to become a registered user to access certain information. You agree to provide us with accurate, complete, and updated information required by the registration form (“Registration Data”). Information provided to Us by you in connection with registering at our Site will be protected by Us in accordance with the terms of our Privacy Policy.
7.2 When you register at our Site, you will create a password and a user id, which will provide you access to certain services and materials available through the Site unless revoked by Us for any reason. You agree not to disclose your user id and password to any third party. You agree to be responsible for and to indemnify, defend and hold actorsvilla, and its officers, directors, employees, agents, licensors, and suppliers, harmless from any injury, loss or damage we incur on account of any unauthorized use of your login name or password. You shall have the ability to delete your account, either directly or through a request made to one of our employees or affiliates.
8. Privacy:
We are committed to respecting your privacy and the privacy of all individuals using the services. More information about how we may use your personal data can be found in our Privacy Policy. By using or accessing the site, you agree to the terms laid out in our Privacy Policy which is incorporated into these Terms by reference.

9. Links to Other Web Sites and Services:
 actorsvilla does not control the availability or content of any outside web sites, services, or resources to which this Site may link. The Site and Apps may contain links to other websites and online resources, including to payment gateways. Concerns regarding any such service, resource, or link should be directed to the particular outside service or resource. Unless stated otherwise,  actorsvilla does not endorse, sanction, or verify sites to which our Site links, and we provide these links merely for our Users’ convenience. Access to such other sites is at your own risk, and we disclaim all liability with regard to your access to such linked web sites. In addition, we do not endorse, sanction, or verify sites that link to this Site, even if any logo or mark of  actorsvilla is used as part of the link to this Site. We are not responsible or liable for any damage or loss related to the use of any third-party website. You should always read the terms and conditions and privacy policy of a third-party website before using it.

Part B– Terms of Service
10. Talent’s Services:
10.1 Any Talent who registers, uses or takes the assistance of the Site (or its operator) to sell his talent, skill, performance or art (whether for a fee or without consideration), such Talent agrees to the following deliverables (without prejudicing or derogating from any of the general obligations under Part–A):
10.1.1 Talent shall provide the relevant information including photos, audios, videos and documents as required by actorsvilla for listing the Talent on the Site.
10.1.2 Upon receiving a request for quote, Talent shall provide the fees quote to actorsvilla for the event / project / job.
10.1.3 Talent shall coordinate with actorsvilla for finalizing the terms for providing the services required by Client.
10.2 Talent agrees to participate in all promotional activities of actorsvilla for which the Talent shall be given prior notice. Talent agrees that  actorsvilla shall have the right to use its name, likeness and other material including photos, audios and videos for promoting its Site and services. Talent shall promote  actorsvilla through its own online properties and links.
10.3 Talent represents and warrants that he/she:
10.3.1. shall make himself/herself available for any events booked through actorsvilla  for the duration agreed with the Client and shall provide the services as agreed with the Client diligently.
10.3.2. shall not infringe or misuse the intellectual property rights of third party.



pp



rp


